♪
(dog barking)
(breathing heavily)
Here goes.
I'm gonna use my
Stargazer Magician
and my Timegazer
Magician
to set
the Pendulum Scale.
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Snap to it, Whip Snake.
Slice and dice,
Sword Fish.
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon.
(roaring)
(growling)
Yuya!
You were finally able
to Pendulum Summon.
Gong can't believe you
insisted we duel all night
and then pulled that awesome
move against him!
(crying)
You failed 247 times,
but you pulled it off.
Gong's so
proud of you.
Ahh, finally.
Gong needs to sleep.
(thinking)
I can't believe I did it.
I never thought things would
swing my way again.
Odd‐Eyes attack!
Okay, Stargazer.
Class, who can tell me what
the value of "y" is?
Yuya!
(Yuya)
Halting Horoscope.
(snoring)
Stop that spell!
Yuya! How would you solve
this equation!?
I set the Pendulum Scale
with my two Magicians!
(girl)
Detention time!
(boy)
Yuya's in the doghouse again.
Have my math lessons
put you to sleep?
Well, they don't really
"add up" to a fun time.
Sorry, wrong answer!
Go back to sleep,
Yuya!
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best,
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Congratulations, Yuya.
Your obsession with
Pendulum Summoning
just reached
an all‐time low.
You'll have to show up
to our next math class
with a paper bag
on your head.
A paper bag.
That's not
a bad idea.
I'd get some
huge laughs.
I think you've gotten enough
laughs in school.
Huh?
(all)
Hurray for Yuya!
What's up, guys?
Gong told us you finally
Pendulum Summoned again.
Is it really true?
You bet!
I'll show you
at the duel school.
Awesome!
Triple bull's‐eye!
(boy)
Impressed?
I assure you, that was
mere child's play.
I could have done it
blind‐folded.
Uh, who are you?
Me? Merely one of
your biggest fans.
To be precise,
the name's Sylvio.
It's an honor.
Oh, hi.
I caught your duel against
the Sledgehammer on TV.
You were
tres magnifique!
Oh, allow me.
Your new Pendulum Summoning
technique took my breath away.
And those cards
you used‐‐
Sorry, what do you
call them, Yuya, hmm?
You mean,
my Pendulum Cards?
Precisely.
I'd be interested in learning
how you acquired them.
Only a duelist
of the highest caliber
could possibly possess
such rare cards.
There's no need
to pump up his ego.
It's already about to
burst as it is.
Seriously, you're a
sensational duelist, Yuya.
Hey, Yuya, remember your
promise to Tate.
You're showing him and our
friends how to Pendulum Summon.
That's right,
I almost forgot!
If you're planning
to demonstrate
your Pendulum technique,
then I have access
to a most an ideal venue.
An hour from now you could
showcase your talents
at the Leo Institute.
You'll take center stage
on their center court.
I thought that was
for Leo students only.
He can't duel there!
(Sylvio)
I've already reserved the space.
I happen to be one of
the school's top students.
My father is also expected
to be the city's next mayor,
so I definitely have influence
with the school's higher‐ups.
Letting Yuya duel there
is an amazing honor.
Can we come along?
Pretty please?
We'll be your best friends.
(growling)
I don't see why Yuya can't do
his demo at our school.
It shall be
a new experience.
Plus I heard the Leo Institute
has a great snack bar!
We got to check it out!
Uh‐huh!
Fine then, but I'm
coming along, too.
As the only loyal student
from You Show,
I think I'd better
check out our top competitor.
(cheering)
You're all more than
welcome to join us.
And now, au revoir!
Come, hurry!
It's not like we're
going to a toy store.
Calm down!
It's all going
according to plan.
(Sylvio)
On behalf of my fellow students,
welcome to the Leo Institute
of Dueling.
(general conversations)
As you probably know,
the Institute is managed
by the Leo Corporation.
They've spared no expense
to turn our school
into one of the world's
top dueling institutions.
Yes, we have
only the best.
This place produced
lots of champions.
I know!
That's why they're
the top of the top.
I heard that they have
the best equipment here, too.
(Sylvio)
Our faculty always says
that if you want to achieve
excellence,
you must surround
yourself with excellence,
It's just like
at You Show,
but we surround ourselves
with mediocrity.
I've heard that
You Show's an okay school.
Thanks for
the compliment.
I guess your school's
better at everything.
No, not at everything.
My mom says You Show
is a lot cheaper.
(chuckling)
(Yuya)
I've gotta admit,
this place has a lot of things
our school can't offer.
Their classes
are unbelievable.
You can learn Xyz Summoning,
Synchro Summoning‐‐
Whoa! They even
teach Fusion Summoning.
(girl)
Yuya!
The central dueling zone
is this way.
(gasping)
(boy)
Unglaublich!
This is the coolest
dueling zone I ever saw!
Hey.
These gents have also
become big fans of yours.
They're curious about the cards
you use to Pendulum Summon.
You wouldn't mind letting
them have a look, would you?
Show them my cards?
No need to worry,
they're best buds with me.
Well, okay.
Here they‐‐ ah!
See?
Amazing!
That's radical!
So, I can Pendulum Summon
with these cards?
Whoa...
This one's mine!
Gentlemen, please.
You can't have
these Pendulum cards,
they aren't yours...
(boys moaning)
They're mine.
I'm adding them
to my rare card collection!
Huh?
That's not amusing,
Sylvio.
(Sylvio)
I wasn't being funny.
I happen to prefer
rare cards.
In my opinion, they're the only
cards that are worth collecting.
Your cards are so unique
that I simply can't resist them.
(laughing)
Oh, so that's why you invited
Yuya to your school.
It's not the only reason.
Naturally, I need to learn
how to use the cards.
You still want Yuya to show you
how to Pendulum Summon, right?
For sure!
I can't wait.
That's why I reserved the main
Duel Zone for our showdown.
Well, you're gonna
have to call and cancel.
Excuse me?
After I went to
all this trouble?
You better snap to it.
You okay, Yuya?
Yeah.
I don't want to
get rough,
so I suggest you get
your head in the game
and your deck in order.
(computer beeping)
(man on computer)
Dueling wasn't part
of the plan.
You were ordered
to retrieve the cards
and bring them to us
immediately.
(scoffs)
That was your plan.
But my priorities are a little
different, understand?
I plan to keep these
rare cards for myself.
Do not try to defy us!
Report here immediately
with the cards‐‐
(man)
No, let him be.
Mr. President.
Do not interfere
with Sylvio.
(Sylvio)
Now, let's get on with it.
What are you doing?
(screaming)
(all)
Yuya, help us!
Sylvio, tell them to
let my friends go!
Your friends
are perfectly safe‐‐
at least they are
for the moment,
until our duel
gets underway.
What do you mean?
You'll see.
By the way, I have
something for you.
I'm offering these in exchange
for your Pendulum cards.
I knew you'd like them because
they're worthless, like you!
(laughing)
No card's worthless.
But this isn't exactly
a fair trade.
(man)
Are you sure about this, sir?
I am.
Allow him to proceed.
Now I'll select
an Action Field.
Let's hope your pals aren't
scared of heights,
because my choice of field
will take them all sky high!
I choose Prison Tower
of Darkville.
(woman on computer)Augmented
reality combat system energized.
Generating action field.
(screaming)
(all screaming)
Zuzu!
(screaming)
It would be
a terrible waste
to have a Prison Tower without
prisoners, don't you think?
Hang on, guys!
Yuya!
Don't panic!
I'll get you down!
None of this is
really real, right?
The ARC system here
is fully interactive,
so if we fall, it will feel
real enough.
I think it's better
if we don't test it out!
(screaming)
I'm coming, guys!
(Sylvio)
You want to save your friends?
Then give me
what I want.
Duel me now.
All right, then.
We're going to duel until
I learn what I need to.
And after that,
I'll crush you!
Now, you're gonna show us
how to Pendulum Summon!
Sylvio already snagged your
precious Pendulum cards.
And next he's gonna pick
your puny brain!
That's right.
I plan on becoming
a Pendulum Master,
and you'll be
my teacher!
Let's duel!
(woman on computer)
Action cards dispersed.
All right,
it's show time!
Performapal Whip Snake,
whip into shape.
Quick‐‐ let's swing
into action!
Your move, Sylvio.
Run, twerp.
Ha!
Perfect.
(President)
No.
It's not time
for that card yet.
Listen, I don't know who
youare, but don't interfere!
You will obey me.
It doesn't matter.
I'll save this monster
for the final blow.
Instead I'll pick
something to give
my game a little lift.
Lightning Hoverboard!
You aren't going to save your
friends this way, Yuya.
In fact, you're only going to
get them into deeper danger.
Yah!
Ahh!
Gotta be here someplace.
I knew it‐‐
an Action Card!
It's a trap!
Indeed it is,
and it just snared you.
Huh?
Rack 'em up,
Break Shot!
Whip Snake!
Tough break for you.
That trap just squashed 900
attack points out of your snake.
Mm‐mm, mmm...
That's a newbie mistake.
Whenever you pick up
an Action Card
there's always
an element of risk.
And you're not out of
trouble yet.
What?
What do you mean?
I'll give you one clue.
That ball you're on
doesn't have any brakes,
and you could use some
right now.
Get me down from here!
Whoa!
I've got you!
Don't let me go!
I don't think
I will bounce!
Stay calm!
I'll get you up!
Hang on tight, Zuzu!
You're gonna be okay!
They need help!
I know.
But you've got your own
problems, namely...
my Lightning Hoverboard!
It's gonna light up
your snake.
Shock it to him!
Can't outrun them.
Great!
An Action Card!
Oh no, not again.
Nice work.
You found another treacherous
trap‐‐ Jump Shot!
Hey, Whip Snake, catch!
Better luck next duel.
Come on.
You'd better get
on "the ball," Yuya,
before you find
yourself under it.
Help!
I should take those whiners
down, but I won't‐‐ not yet.
That tower will stand till Yuya
teaches me to Pendulum Summon.
Zuzu!
Are you guys okay?
Just hang on tight,
Frederick!
Don't worry,
I'm not letting go!
But I don't think
it's of any use.
Let's face it,
we're doomed!
That's not true!
Yuya will find a way
to rescue us.
It'll be okay.
Don't worry, guys.
Yuya's not gonna
give up on us,
and we can't
give up either.
Just hang on
a little longer.
I have to find a way
to help them.
(Sylvio)
Then show me how to
Pendulum Summon.
And if you do,
I may save your friends.
I can save them!
I'll never
get to them by foot,
so it's time to H‐two‐go with
Performapal Skeeter Skimmer.
I'll get there
as fast as I can, guys.
I've toyed with this
twerp for long enough.
No more Mr. Nice Guy.
Since he won't cooperate,
I'll set him in my sights.
You're sunk, Yuya.
You have
drawn well, Sylvio.
Ooh, must be
my lucky day.
I don't need this Lightning
Hoverboard anymore.
I'll tribute it
so that I can activate
the spell Tribute Trade.
I can add a monster
to my hand
as long as it's
one level higher
than the monster
I just tributed.
Stargazer Magician, I hope
you're ready to work some magic.
He's using my
Pendulum card?
I see that finally
got your attention.
You know what's coming
next, of course.
You need two cards to pull off
a Pendulum Summon, Sylvio.
(chuckling)
You make an
excellent point.
Guess it's a good thing
I planned ahead.
You don't mean‐‐
Yes!
I can access both cards.
I drew Stargazer and Timegazer
Magician is already in my hand.
It's been there from the start
of the duel, in fact!
You refused to show me how to
Pendulum Summon, but so what?
If someone as lame as you can
do it, anyone can pull it off.
(laughing)
And I bet I'll do it
so much better.
The first step is to
set the Pendulum Cards.
Do exactly
as you're told.
You will start with Scale One
Stargazer Magician.
If you insist.
For my first move,
I select Scale One
Stargazer Magician.
Can he do it?
I thought I was
the only one.
You will also use your Scale
Eight Timegazer Magician.
And my Scale Eight
Timegazer Magician.
(both)
And next, I'll set
the Pendulum Scale.
(both)
Pendulum Summon!
(Sylvio)
Monsters, emerge!
Allow me to introduce
Power Dart Striker,
along with its colleague,
Rocket Dart Striker,
and the most powerful of my
trio, Ultimate Dart Striker!
Incredible!
I actually did it,
on my first try.
Oh, thank you
for the cards, Yuya.
Now I truly am
a Pendulum Master.
No way.
It worked.
He's done it.
Well done, Sylvio.
Now, take aim
and strike Yuya down.
♪